doc/start: update documenting-ceph.rst (1 of x) (#44189)
ceph/ceph: doc/start/documenting-ceph.rst

 Documenting Ceph
==================

You can help the Ceph project by contributing to the documentation.  Even

> small contributions help the Ceph project: contributions such as fixing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
small contributions help the Ceph project, such as fixing
```

Author: Good point.

spelling errors or rewriting confusing instructions.

The easiest way to suggest a correction to the documentation is to send an
email to `ceph-users@ceph.io`. Include the string "ATTN: DOCS" or
"Attention: Docs" or "Attention: Documentation" in the subject line.  In
the body of the email, include the text to be corrected (so that I can find
it in the repo) and include your correction.

> If you prefer making a pull request to sending an email, you can make a
> pull request to improve the documentation. The instructions for making a
> pull request against the Ceph documentation are available in the section
> :ref:`making_contributions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to suggest a documentation correction is to make a pull request.
The instructions for making a pull request against the Ceph documentation are 
available in the section :ref:`making_contributions`.
```

Author: Yeah, this is better.
